# Problem Statement
Create a *cosmic-inspired* user interface for a streaming platform that mirrors the features and functionality of NETFLIX. The UI should feature seamless navigation, captivating images and videos, personalized recommendations, a user-friendly search system, and an instinctive categorization of content. The celestial theme should be woven consistently throughout the UI, with a color scheme and visual design that are both cohesive and visually pleasing.

# Solution
Developed a **UI/UX design** inspired by celestial theme, akin to a Netflix clone. *Celestial&Chill* is a streaming platform which is used to watch movies and tv-shows. It has a celestial aesthetic to it which makes it more visually appealing to curious minds. It is a better option than watching content in movie halls because it offers a wide range of options. One can enjoy this content from the comfort of one's home. It ends up being less expensive as it only has a one time subscription. It provides an advantage compared to TV as it’s able to give you an option of choosing any movie or show you like and enjoy it without ads, and with the luxury of pausing, rewinding and forwarding.

This streaming platform will provide all the usual features like categories and collections of content including a trending category, an easy to use search feature, a watchlist feature, different profiles for people using the same account, ability to download content for offline watching, and a small description of each movie for the user to be able to select what to watch. To overcome decision paralysis we have included a "watch random" feature.

The design in particular offers easy navigation and a variety of unique features which include watching movies on the basis of **mood**, making **collaborative playlists** and **filtering** through shows and movie shows on the basis of features such as imdb rating and duration which is usually not provided in current streaming applications. Keeping in line with our galactic theme, we have included CELESTIAL BASED CATEGORIES which feature various space themed content classified in a way that it's simple for the user to find one that fits the mindset of that day perfectly!
- You can find the project [here](https://www.figma.com/file/tu095arnbc9YzQVUoIiLHb/Celestial%26chill?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=BqY2oTKrhQAFQoxh-1).

- You can find the Case Study [here](https://www.canva.com/design/DAFeL2zD8k8/98DexNNnRu4eHX_fJw7b4A/edit?utm_content=DAFeL2zD8k8&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link2&utm_source=sharebutton).